hi everybody it's also a collector here
with the Barbie frozen yogurt shop this
is so cool it includes some Barbie
play-doh that you can make your own
soft-serve frozen yogurt you can also
add different toppings well let me take
this out of the box so we can play today
we have Queen Elsa running the frozen
yogurt shop I think that's perfect for
her Elsa and this time she's not going
to make her own snow or ice powers she's
just going to make some frozen yogurt
right over here is a frozen yogurt
machine and in this canister is a Barbie
play-doh
it included pink and white play-doh and
also wants to make some strawberry
frozen yogurt so all I did is roll out
the play-doh and there's a hole let's
hook you stick it in and here's a little
ice cream let you push down and the ice
cream comes out all right here but you
need a cup here's the green frozen
yogurt cup and let's see if we get some
delicious strawberry frozen yogurt oh I
see it like it swirled around just like
it would at any frozen yogurt shop
mmm that looks really good
now Elsa can choose 3 different toppings
there's strawberry orange and star fruit
I think orange sounds pretty good but
guess what this set didn't come with any
Barbie orange play-doh so I have my own
you don't need too much play-doh and I'm
just going to stick two pieces right on
the bottom here close up the mold and
press down those oranges like really
good I have never had strawberry frozen
yogurt with oranges have you you can
write down in the comment section if you
have hmm
looks pretty interesting the last thing
we need is a spin now us I can enjoy her
frozen yogurt mmm I think Elsa really
likes it I rate this new Barbie frozen
yogurt shop that's five out of five I've
never seen a barbie shop like this
before so it's really cool I think it's
fun that you can use play-doh with this
set and make your own frozen yogurt or
ice cream this place that did include
just one chair and if I worked for
Mattel I think I would have it include
two chairs because it's no fun just
eating frozen yogurt alone I think also
if I change the shop I went at it maybe
a little sprinkle machine or something
else because I think that would be a lot
of fun but these molds do work very well
well I'll try collector fans I hope you
enjoyed this video and please remember
to click like and tell your friends and
family about my channel and also write
down in the comment section if you've
ever had strawberry and orange rosen
yogurt before or you can even write down
in the comment section if you like
frozen yogurt or ice cream or I think I
like ice cream more
but that's just me well goodbye and have
a great day
you